Better order validation page (#104)
ClouDesire/docusaurus: docs/order-validation.md

sidebar_label: Order validation
---

An order can be validated by calling an external HTTP endpoint of yours before
the customer can place it.

The service will be called by the platform:

1) when requesting a budget estimate;
2) when placing an order.

## First Configuration

> Add the full URL of your endpoints the implements the following specs on the
> product configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add on the product configuration page the full URL of your endpoint that
implements the spec described here.
```
